---
layout: post
title: wikipedia is beautiful
published: true
---
It's been three weeks at Metis and the imposter syndrome is starting to wear off... a little bit. The past two weeks were focused on Project Luther, whose goals included scraping data from a website (rather than from a precompiled .csv file as we'd been doing), fitting that data into a linear regression model, and learning how to use __[regularization]__ and __[polynomial features]__ to optimize the predictive power of our models.  


### brainstorming hell
I'd never web-scraped before, and it took a while, though I managed to figure it out with the help of some classmates. Honestly though, what took the longest time was just figuring out what variable I wanted to predict! In the past, my approach would be to agonize for days and then go, half-desperate, to a professor for guidance. This time, I had 25 peers in the same boat (as well as an awesome Metis Alumni slack workspace) to bounce ideas off of. I wanted to pick a really poignant - something related to political psychology or whatnot - but settled on something that was kind of fun: Wikipedia.

"Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good"

So, Wikipedia! I love Wikipedia, as much as high-school librarians decry its flaws.  

So what can we predict on Wikipedia? And what can we predict with? Wonderfully, Wikipedia is _vast_. Not to mention very well self-documented. So, with the combined powers of __[wikipedia's random article feature]__ and its __[dynamically generated info page]__, I was able to generate ideas.  

The most interesting outcome/target/predicted variable from the info page, I thought, would be page views in the last 30 days. Predictor/feature wise, we could use: __[features]__.

So, I fit the model, and was pleasantly surprised:
__[sm output]__

But can we do better?

Maybe!

__Turns out, I misunderstood transformation. But it didn't really matter__, luckily for me. (I know better for next time)


__[VIS]__

[wikipedia is beautiful - project luther repository](https://github.com/jonkislin/wikipedia_is_beautiful)
